Letter 257/257 

A Letter for my Roman Empire.

By Now, You have Decided to Part Ways with me, No. You already did.
I Have Committed so many sins, I Lied About my Identity and i coveted with another woman.
i know you can never forgive me nor can i forgive myself
As of this hour, it's 1:09 am and in your time it's 10:40 PM, its almost midnight there.
The Reason why i acted that way was because of jealousy, I realized in isolation that i have become obsessed about you. 
In Love, Obsession is a Mortal Sin. In Which I'll Keep Committing because i have fallen for a woman who accepted for who i am and will support me for what i will become.

I know i can never earn your trust back, which pains me the most because i changed for the better and yet i cannot have you back.
Now That you're going abroad and i want you to go there, While you become happy there i want you to remember only the good memories we have together. And Finally, Find the man that will replace me, He will love you better than i have ever did and Trust you fully as i could not
If you two get married, i will wish you happiness and i won't get married in this lifetime because i vowed that you will become my means and end. 

We Might not be together in this lifetime, I will keep loving you for as long as i live.
"See It from another perspective" Right? for almost a decade you have become my strength and foundation
And I'm Grateful eternally to you for helping me find myself when you came back.. Its The best thing that's ever happened to me
I Lashed out in anger because i got possessive. knowing you don't want to get into a relationship, i got angry because you didn't tell me that there was someone else. but he wasn't someone else. but i suspect he will play a pivotal role in the future in which i may or may not stop.

But know this. If i could go back in time to stop my past self i would.
But Right now at this moment, I Love You Hana. I Love you to the moon and back.
in this life and in the next. I was your first. And You were my greatest.

Signing Off, Lance.
